# Assignment-0-CS290
This is my 290 Assignment, and a self introduction


1.) https://www.google.com/
I like googles interface, its simple,  to the point, from the outside. While accurate, and essentially guides you to 95% of things you are looking for, it is the quintessential essence of tech, take something complex and make it so simple that people who know nothing about PCs can use it, and become more productive and find uses for people. What I dont like is the essential spy ware that it is, collecting everything that even falls off a desk, also anyone who doesnt have night mode is basically blinding themselves at night. I think the biggest thing google can improve on is the white background, studies show that is soooo determintal to people especially at night for their eyes. However I understand it is a branding thing. So it may be harder to implement an actual change too, and also less algorithim search censoring, its gotten toxic on google

2.) https://pro.kraken.com/app
This webiste is a crypto trading app with small fee transactions as well as allowing self custody, I love the cheap fees, the simplicity, and the ability to complicate it more or less depending on my degree of Techincal analysis, aka astrology for finance bros. I like that they also allow  deposits you can use while your ACH goes through, and I like the security practices they have, where they promote/allow self custody and have 2A and 3A factor authorizations if wanted. I would say I dont like how long the hold over can be to move to self custody, but thats more a Federal security issue, so I cant really fault them. I dont know much they could do to improve, they are more of a mediator between web 2 and web 3. I guess they could offer more products, but competing with a decentrailzed exchange is hard due to the way fees are structed.

3.) https://www.reddit.com/
This website is the essence of having a good product, changing things unneccisarily, and working on becoming a public entity, this website showed up in the mid 2010s and took over the browsing world very quickly, there are many reasons, but having the ability to create you own hobby lounge with the creation of subreddits, this allowed the community to take its creative hivemind, and change the world that is web browsing we know today, its a trusted safe website for information on just about any subject. I would say reddit is doing everything it can to become public, at some point as most anything that does this. It becommes a toxic sesspool of enforced ad targeting and data mining every last inch of data, but I guess welcome to the world of 2024. I would say I wish they kept to the roots of reddit more, it felt like a place where you could find anything and everything and now it feels like a sanatized newspaper with an echo chamber for each clan of politicals, geo politics, and more.

4.) https://www.youtube.com/
Youtube is the king of video and there's plenty of reasons of why, dispite the growing ads, first and foremost, their algorithim on finding exactly what youre looking for, or maybe things you didnt even know you'd like, or the obscure interest you have, that the algo sifts through to find that gem content you would have never found yourself. I'm sure its above my current expertise, but man it is quiet fascinating that could build something like that. I hate the ads, and the fact that they go out of their way to make it a miserable experience, even though I save most of my money and hardly ever buy something from an ad online. Espeically with all the scam ads they allow on their platform, because money.

5.) https://raydium.io/
This website is an awesome web3 decenteralized exchange, I love the lay out and the options I have here, they are very clear and you can read more about each product. I provide concentrated liquidity through an AMM on this site, and collect fees, I can also exchange my tokens when-ever I want, and the average fee charge is 0.001 cents to .003 cents depending on time market fluxuation. I would say the one thing I dont like about this, is the face that If you are trying to move in and out of positions during volitlity it can have trouble getting you out of positions, sometimes the site doesnt load fully when the page is loaded, but there are too many rewards to get compared to just the stock market and trading. the AMM uses a Y*X = K model running in the background. The nice layout on my eyes is nice too which brings me back, because its purple and not black, it has an interesting twist on being visually appealing. I think a more robust system on the back end is probably needed, I understand that some things are beyond their control, however when I load the page it should show the coin values and names immediently, and not a place hold like Fe1f3fz23#SSEF$ for the procut thats going to be there when it loads fully. This gives the website an image of lacking for better or worse when a customer sees that, they will be unsure, as I am sure they are already unsure about web 3 to begin with.
